Update documentation for organizations for member management, roles, and permissions (#7058)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/ui/organizations.md

# Organizations in Prefect Cloud

> For larger teams, and companies with more complex needs around user and access management, [annual plans](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) include _organizations_ in Prefect Cloud 2. Organizations provide several features that enable you to collaborate securely at scale, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For larger teams, and companies with more complex needs around user and access management, organizations provide several features that enable you to collaborate securely at scale, including:
```

- Organizational accounts and membership management.
- [Role Based Access Controls (RBAC)](/ui/roles/) to configure user permissions at organization and workspace levels.
- Service accounts to generate credentials for specific workloads.
- Expanded and customizable [Flow Run Retention Policy](/ui/flow-runs/#flow-run-retention-policy).

> [Contact sales](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) to learn more about annual plans giving you control over organizations and user roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Navigating organizations

> If you have access to organizations in Prefect Cloud, you can see the organizations you're a member of by selecting the **Organizations** icon in the left navigation bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see the organizations you're a member of, or create a new organization, by selecting the **Organizations** icon in the left navigation bar.
```

![Select the Organizations icon in Prefect Cloud.](/img/ui/organizations.png)

When you select an organization, you'll see an overview of the organization.

**Workspaces** shows you a list of workspaces within the organziation to which you have access.

## Organization members

**Members** shows you a list of users who are members of the organization. If you have been given the organization Admin role, you can invite new members and set organization roles for users here.

![Viewing the Organization member page in Prefect Cloud.](/img/ui/org-members.png)

Control granular access to workspaces by setting default access for all organization members, inviting specific members to collaborate in an organization workspace, or adding service account permissions.

### Inviting organization members

> To invite new members to an organization in Prefect Cloud, select the **+** icon. Provide an email address and a default organization role. You may add multiple email addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To invite new members to an organization in Prefect Cloud, select the **+** icon. Provide an email address and  organization role. You may add multiple email addresses.
```

![Invite new members to an organization in Prefect Cloud.](/img/ui/org-invite-members.png)

The user will receive an invite email with a confirmation link at the address provided. If the user does not already have a Prefect Cloud account, they must create an account before accessing the organization.

> The organization role set for the invite is only a default for the new member. An Admin may configure a different role for the user as needed.

Reviewer 2: Something seems a little odd about the phrasing. Would it be esier to say "When the user accepts the invite, they become a member of your organization  and are assigned the role from the invite. The member's role can be changed (or access removed entirely) by an Organization Admin.

> The maximum number of organization members varies. [Contact sales](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) to learn more about annual plans giving you control over organizations and user roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum number of organization members varies. [Contact sales](https://www.prefect.io/pricing) to learn more about annual plans giving you control over organizations and user roles.
```

Reviewer: Frankly, I owe you a followup PR on this later in the week, org account terms will be all self serve and we should add some more detail there. They dont have to contact sales at all anymore.

## Service accounts

Service accounts enable you to create a Prefect Cloud API key that is not associated with a user account. Service accounts are typically used to configure API access for running agents or executing flow runs on remote infrastructure.

Select **Service Accounts** to view, create, or edit service accounts for your organization.

![Viewing service accoutns for an organization in Prefect Cloud.](/img/ui/service-accounts.png)

Service accounts are created at the organization level, but may be shared to individual workspaces within the organization. See [workspace sharing](#workspace-sharing) for more information.

!!! tip "Service account credentials"

>     When you create a service account, Prefect Cloud creates a new API key for the account and provides the API configuration command for the execution environment. Save these to a safe location for future use. If the access credentials are lost or compromised, you should delete the service account and create a new service account with new credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When you create a service account, Prefect Cloud creates a new API key for the account and provides the API configuration command for the execution environment. Save these to a safe location for future use. If the access credentials are lost or compromised, you should regenerate the credentials from the service account page.
```
